So we're going to start implementing a lot of classes for our lectures and for a AWOS implementation.
But having to check out the documentation every time we want to implement something is kind of tedious
right because otherwise our implementation would be interrupted with documentation checks and all that
stuff.
But we don't want that.
So there is a solution to that.
We had pie boto the guys from the way we cloud has a great news for us they have a pythonic interface
for AWOS Bothell free implementation.
That gives you autocomplete and you didn't misheard that.
It is full auto complete on PI Chayyim ID using both or three as you can see with the screenshots we
can simply provide the type for your client and then you can get the auto complete magic for your AWOS
implementation for Python and both of three so to use that.
Let's go back to our ID and launch a terminal session.
I'm going to type in Pipp install PI both Fourie But of course our pipin installation was for the 3.6
version of Python.
So lets just type in that and I'm going to just hit enter and here we go.
Our PI both though is being installed and it is ready.
So what we're going to do now is we're going to create declasse that we're going to type in that we're
going to program our implementation for AWOS on the PC resources and then we're going to provide the
autocomplete capabilities to our PC class.
So let's go and create a package for our BPC
an for the package name I'm going to say this is going to be an easy to package says we pre-series sources
are bound to be easy to implementation.
I'm going to keep that convention and going to name this package as easy to add within the U.S. to package.
I'm going to create my PC class I'm going to type in the PC as the lowercase of course and then I'm
going to hit enter.
So what we're going to do now is we're going to start implementing our class and then we're going to
provide the autocomplete capabilities to our Ribisi class.
So to do that I'll just go down below and say class BPC and within the initialiser method of that class
we're going to get the client that we're going to pass in from our implementation and set decline to
that client.
So we're going to make use of our client locator utility class.
So let's just put our initialiser Methot and within our initialiser a matter of course we're going to
get the both of three client for our PC and I'm going to say self underscore client is going to be client
Deadeye passed in.
So set it there.
And the most important part of lecture of this lecture actually is the pie both of free usage.
So to use that I'm going to put three quotes to my saying of type and I'm going to say type and then
I'm simply going to say pie both are three dot not easy to just like that are auto complete.
She'll be working now.
So to test it out let's just try to write a method from both of three documentation.
So let's go back to our both of three documentation and we have various methods as you can see here.
Let's just try to.
First one accept preserved instances Xchange quote and so to do that lets us go down below and try to
type in a method a simple method to test it out and I'm going to say self underscore client and then
attach let's just verify accept.
Here we go.
We have the method.
And there are signatures coming to us automatically.
We don't have to go and check that documentation.
We can just type in the method and let's just go back and rewind this.
We can just type in the letter that we want to implement the method with.
And we can just get the suggestions the intellisense with our PI charme ID as you can see here we can
create everything without even taking a single look at the documentation.
This is a very beautiful way to work with Python and PI charm ID of course with both of three.
So big shout out to guys at way we Klout for providing this nice little library and I encourage you
to use this library for any of your implementations.